1. What type would you choose for the following “numbers”?
  A person’s telephone number
     String or long
  A person’s height
     float
  A person’s age
     byte
  A person’s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer)
     String
  A person’s salary
     float
  A book’s ISBN
     String or long
  A book’s price
     float
  A book’s shipping weight
     float
  A country’s population
     uint
  The number of stars in the universe
     ulong
  The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the United Kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business)
     ushort
    
    
2. What are the difference between value type and reference type variables? What is boxing and unboxing?
  A value type holds a value. A reference type holds an  address reference/pointer to a value.
  Boxing is the process of converting a value type to a reference type.
  Unboxing is the process of converting a reference type to a value type.
  

3. What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
  Managed resources are ones that can be released from memory automatically with the help of Garbage Collector.
  Unmanaged resources are ones that the programmer has to manually remove, as they are not touched by Garbage Collector


4. Whats the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
  Garbage Collector is responsible for automating the process memory management as it releases resources when necessary, thus not only simplifying memory management, but also optimizing it.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
      runtime error
   
   
2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
      infinity


3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its range?
     Instead of increasing, the integer will continue calculating but only after it loops back to its minimum value.
      That means that Maximum value for int to a maximum value for int will loop back and yield -2


4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?
     x = y++; means assigns x the current value of y and then increments y by 1
      x = ++y; means y is ncremented by 1 and then the new value for y is assigned to x.

5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop statement?
     Inside of a loop, break will cause the loop to finish prematurely and the rest of the code in the method will be performed.
      Continue will cause this iteration of the loop to be skipped and the rest of the loop will be executed
      Return stops the loop as well as the method housing it


6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
     The 3 parts of the for statements include initialization, condition and updation
      Only the condition is necessary for the statement


7. What is the difference between the = and == operators?
     = assigns a value to a variable
      == checks if 2 variables hold identical values


8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
     Yes, and it results in an infinite loop.
  
  
9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
     It represents the default condition that will be executed if no other cases are valid.


10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach statement?
     The IEnumerable interface